Extending permissions documentation (#409)
OntimizeWeb/docs: _docs/15c-permissions-example.md

![candidate home]({{ base_path }}/images/permissions/candidate_home.png){: .align-center}

And if we log with de demo user we are going to see a different menu and we can enter to the candidate table:

![demo home]({{ base_path }}/images/permissions/demo_home.png){: .align-center}

As we can see the *delete* button of the table is disabled as we configured before:

![demo home]({{ base_path }}/images/permissions/demo_table.png){: .align-center}

And if we click on a row to edit the registry we can see that we can't edit the email field:

![demo home]({{ base_path }}/images/permissions/demo_edit.png){: .align-center}

# Configuring the frontend

> First file we need to configure on our frontend it's the `app.config.ts`, inside we need to define the type of permission we wanna use (see [here](https://ontimizeweb.github.io/docs/v8/guide/appconfig/#permissions-configuration){:target="_blank"} for the different types) and the service used to get the server permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First file we need to configure on our frontend it's the `app.config.ts`, inside we need to define the type of permission we want to use (see [here](https://ontimizeweb.github.io/docs/v8/guide/appconfig/#permissions-configuration){:target="_blank"} for the different types) and the service used to get the server permissions.
```

![candidate home]({{ base_path }}/images/permissions/candidate_home.png){: .align-center}

And if we log with de demo user we are going to see a different menu and we can enter to the candidate table:

![demo home]({{ base_path }}/images/permissions/demo_home.png){: .align-center}

As we can see the *delete* button of the table is disabled as we configured before:

![demo home]({{ base_path }}/images/permissions/demo_table.png){: .align-center}

And if we click on a row to edit the registry we can see that we can't edit the email field:

![demo home]({{ base_path }}/images/permissions/demo_edit.png){: .align-center}

# Configuring the frontend

## Application configuration

> First file we need to configure on our frontend it's the `app.config.ts`, inside we need to define the type of permission we want to use (see [here](https://ontimizeweb.github.io/docs/v8/guide/appconfig/#permissions-configuration){:target="_blank"} for the different types) and the service used to get the server permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First file we need to configure on our frontend it’s the `app.config.ts` and add `permissionsServiceType` and `permissionsConfiguration` object. In `permissionsServiceType`, you define the type of permission to use (*OntimizeEEPermissions* or *OntimizePermissions*, for more information see [here]({{ base_path }}/guide/appconfig/#permissions-configuration){:target="_blank"}) and `permissionsConfiguration` which should contain the permissions service whose path should be defined in `app.services.config.ts` (defined in the following code section of this page).
```

};
```

Other important configuration it's to define on the `main-routing.module.ts` the `canActivateChild` parameter to manage the routes permissions.

`main-routing.module.ts`:
```javascript
...
export const routes: Routes = [
  {
    path: '',
    component: MainComponent,
    canActivate: [AuthGuardService],
    canActivateChild: [PermissionsGuardService],
    children: [
...
```

> The last configuration that we can do it's to define a redirection page to visit when the user dont have permissions to access the page requested. To configure this page you need to add the route (or use the ontimize component `403`) to the `restrictedPermissionsRedirect` parameter on the routing module of the component. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last configuration that we can do it's to define a redirection page to visit when the user does not have permissions to access the page requested. To configure this page you need to add the route (or use the ontimize component `403`) to the `restrictedPermissionsRedirect` parameter on the routing module of the component. Example:
```

};
```

> Other important configuration it's to define on the `main-routing.module.ts` the `canActivateChild` parameter to manage the routes permissions.

Reviewer: I think it's a good idea that the example includes restrictPermissionsRedirect: '403' and a screen with the redirect

`main-routing.module.ts`:
```javascript
...
export const routes: Routes = [
  {
    path: '',
    component: MainComponent,
    canActivate: [AuthGuardService],
    canActivateChild: [PermissionsGuardService],
    children: [
...
```

## How to extend the permission service

> In case we wanna change the permission service we need to do two steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case we want to change the permission service we need to do two steps:
```
wanna is is informal

* Extend the `OntimizeEEPermissionsService` or the `OntimizePermissionsService` classes to your own service class. Example:

```javascript
...
@Injectable()
export class CustomPermissionsService extends OntimizeEEPermissionsService {

> ...

Reviewer: I think you can write a small example by overriding the loadPermission and configureService methods

};
```

## Route permissions

If we want to manage the routes permissions we need to define on the `main-routing.module.ts` the `canActivateChild` parameter.

`main-routing.module.ts`:
```javascript
...
export const routes: Routes = [
  {
    path: '',
    component: MainComponent,
    canActivate: [AuthGuardService],
    canActivateChild: [PermissionsGuardService],
    children: [
...
```

The last configuration that we can do it's to define a redirection page to visit when the user does not have permissions to access the page requested. To configure this page you need to add the route (or use the ontimize component `403`) to the `restrictedPermissionsRedirect` parameter on the routing module of the component. Example:

`candidates-routing.module.ts`:
```javascript

> ...

Reviewer: In this example, it would be a good idea to write an example with restricted permission on a specific module and screen as CandidatesNewComponent
